what a pink wave how are I, I'm a cousin
just and good I hope it's very good in
this time I have the news that
I think everyone has been waiting and it's
that has finally been unveiled to the games
of playstation plus for the month of March
sony has revealed then finally with
some delay to the games that
we can enjoy the users of
playstation plus during the month of March
as a curiosity in the web address of
sony where the announcements have been announced
games as well seems to arrange ed by
what then seems that the title was going to
be one of those selected and maybe
well have something to do with the late
that is unveiled but good in the
new generation sony console or
be bending 4 we will not be able to download of
work aveo design yo task and which is a
remake of this cult classic of the
platform games and we also have
Angel is the moving adventure
downloadable developed by ubisoft and
environmental the first world war
on the other hand then in playstation3 the
chosen games have been papo and I a
peculiar adventure protagonist
starring a boy and a monster
and we also have the Sherlock Holmes
criminal puig in which is an adventure
to the date of this famous detective
we also have guys finally for
the users of playstation vita good
You can enjoy it and together welcome
to the hollywood and this good number this
game can be played between what is
pebble and precision 4 ok is a purchase
crossed so well the sequel to this
popular good is a skate game for
that those goals better understand that
olimpo reads 2 and good in the counter spice
has a cross purchase with playstation
4 and precision three so this one is going to
be able to play between the three consoles ok
is an action game and stealth with
thematic of dismissal which are about
pretty good games for this month
also on the screen now, I'm going to
leave the list of games that will come out
that are no longer available and the new ones
Arrivals ok so well I hope you
I really liked this video
remember your scoop what networks are
social the channel for more videos
If you have any doubt or something just
let's comment on the part below and I'll
to try to answer as fast
possible and remember that we are doing
things in the tweet channel which is
find in the bottom part more or
less at 7 pm when the
North Tehran as 9 hours
center of mexico ok so fine I am
the pelón see you in the next I'll